README.md, before:

# aidangiblin.github.io

# My Professional Portfolio (aidangiblin.github.io / portfolio.aidangiblin.com)
Welcome to the repository for my personal portfolio website. This site serves as a central hub for my current academic pursuits, my personal projects (my applied knowledge), and my professional development.

My first project on GitHub was a Python application built using the Discord and DeepSeek AI APIs. What started as an inside joke amongst friends became a valuable learning experience, introducing me to software development fundamentals, APIs, and version control with Git. While my interest in Computer Science began long before, this project was my first practical taste of programming and helped clarify my interest in the official implementation and design-oriented aspects of technology, rather than just a purely development oriented career discovery.

# The purpose
What's the purpose of my site?:
- **Showcasing my projects:** To host detailed pages for each of my projects. This would involve outlining the problems faced, the journey I took, and the knowledge I gained after turning my idea into a reality.
- **Demonstrating my passions:** To discuss my interests in technology, particularly user privacy and ethical software design.
- **Documenting my journey:** To keep a record of my academic and professional journey.
- **To discuss my ethical values:** This site is also designed to share my ethical principles. For example, the aidangiblin.com domain was registered through a certified B Corporation, which supports ethically mission-driven business practices. One of my long-term ambitions is to start my own B-corporation, allowing me to run a business that can be used for to better.

# Languages
This website is built using:

* HTML5
* CSS3

* (Planning on implementing JavaScript soon)

Commit message:

Added a projects.html page with CSS styling, fixed a few typos, renamed the main.css file to index.css for better naming consistency, edited the README.md

README.md, after:

# aidangiblin.github.io

# My Professional Portfolio (aidangiblin.github.io / portfolio.aidangiblin.com)
Welcome to the repository for my personal portfolio website. This site serves as a hub for my current academic pursuits, my personal projects (alongside my applied knowledge), and my professional development.

My first project on GitHub was a Python application built using the Discord and DeepSeek AI APIs. What started as an inside joke amongst friends became a valuable learning experience, introducing me to the basic of software development, APIs, and Git version control. While my interest in Computer Science began long before, this project was my first taste of actual programming. It was very fun to build and develop, but before deciding on a career I think that I should continue to pursue my BTEC to decide on a sector of the industry that interests me significantly.

# The purpose
What's the purpose of my site?:
- **Showcasing my projects:** I'm going to create detailed webpages for each of my projects. I will outline the problems I faced and the knowledge I gained after finishing my project.
- **Demonstrating my passions:** I have various interests in technology, particularly related to user privacy and ethical practices within this industry.
- **Documenting my journey:** As mentioned before, I'm documenting all ofthe projects I make. I'm also documenting my academic journey alongside this.
- **To discuss my ethical values:** This site is also designed to share my ethical principles. As an example, the aidangiblin.com domain is registered with a certified B Corporation. I love ethically mission-driven businesses and thrive to one day be a part of a company like this. I hope to one day run a B-corporation and implement my ethical values into something big.

# Languages
This website is built using:

* HTML5
* CSS3

* (I am planning on implementing JavaScript soon)
